Tyler's with his truck driver juice
forget that oh he is stuck
why do the guys stand y'all made it
Eric laugh at you you can stop being a
fucking one I think you can make it stop
with hey I wish you'd pick up I like it
I wonder if you can get back out and
then go if they can get that hey if you
can get back out and go fast you'll make
it through we won't
it's hard that's works fine it's just
just Pyro's
I asked you're fine I'm telling you back
you can get it out too fast you'll make
it Hey look his engineer board
don't do it on top don't do it
no v1z fuck he's not gonna blow that
murder look I just don't do it good then
if you want to go baby
keep going you fucking blower motor no
he ain't gonna blow the fucking motor
it's not even strain in the motor he
needs a back go go go he can make it he
almost fainted shit oh God what about
coming back here I mean oh hell no
income baby
I know I know what yeah you can go there
get you ready for love by you can go you
almost need look engine fires look at
y'all move it
hey buck up go
I don't even make it you sumbitch I
asked over YouTube videos yeah Hey no I
Facebook that Facebook for you to go up
that hill keep going you'll hit a road
turn left and then you'll get the snow
around that way Hey I didn't think he's
gonna make it honestly
we're do it you can do it again you can
do it I'm doc and if you get stuck he's
got his truck right there oh yeah holy
water get my carburetor I gotta fucking
rebuild that boy should cover it on top
of the internet I ain't gonna get the
guy James I love leaving you with you at
motherfuckers like I'm different my trip
we get stuck I was in my truck just
asking Chevy stuck in is also a gas hose
it oh he's a dead man his truck weighs
more and I think you I think I was gonna
go to oh yeah no shit you went through
it is twice as heavy as mine yeah you're
going to get out of it dude the way you
just dug you can buck that be your new
customer song is matakohe to the door no
joke when what when you back up that
last time
hey well it was gone hey what hey look
you wouldn't get no traction until it
started digging it out you will see bug
it out he got started getting traction
up late